README.md, before:

# Credit Approval Prediction

## Contributors:
- Spencer Gerlach
- Ruslan Dimitrov
- Daniel Merigo
- Mengjun Chen

This was a data analysis term project completed for DSCI 522 (Data Science Workflows), a course in the Master of Data Science program at the University of British Columbia.

## Project Proposal

### Introduction
This data analysis project will include an analysis of the [Credit Approval dataset](https://archive-beta.ics.uci.edu/dataset/27/credit+approval), made publicly available via the UC Irvine Machine Learning Repository. The overall goal of this project was to answer a question using a publicly available dataset. 

The project included the following major deliverables:
- Write 4-5 R/python scripts,
- Creation of a reproducible report in Jupyter Lab or R Markdown,
- Automation of the analysis workflow using `GNU Make`

The dataset in question, Credit Approval, included a good selection of features upon which to build a simple automated machine learning and statistical exercise.

### Analysis Question
This analysis will focus on predicting 

## Licenses

Commit message:

added slightly more detail to question section

README.md, after:

# Credit Approval Prediction

## Contributors:
- Spencer Gerlach
- Ruslan Dimitrov
- Daniel Merigo
- Mengjun Chen

This was a data analysis term project completed for DSCI 522 (Data Science Workflows), a course in the Master of Data Science program at the University of British Columbia.

## Project Proposal

### Introduction
This data analysis project will include an analysis of the [Credit Approval dataset](https://archive-beta.ics.uci.edu/dataset/27/credit+approval), made publicly available via the UC Irvine Machine Learning Repository. The overall goal of this project was to answer a question using a publicly available dataset. 

The project included the following major deliverables:
- Write 4-5 R/python scripts,
- Creation of a reproducible report in Jupyter Lab or R Markdown,
- Automation of the analysis workflow using `GNU Make`

The dataset in question, Credit Approval, included a good selection of features upon which to build a simple automated machine learning and statistical exercise.

### Analysis Question
This analysis will focus on predicting whether someone will be approved or not approved based on a set of testing data. In other words, the dataset in question will be trained on some fraction of the initial dataset, and evaluated against a smaller testing portion of the initial dataset.

This section is not yet complete

### Report
The final report will be linked here once the project is completed.

## Licenses
The Credit Approval materials here are licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution 2.5 Canada License (CC BY 2.5 CA). If re-using/re-mixing please provide attribution and link to this webpage.
